hey dudes I'm Hilah and today on Hilah
cooking I'm gonna show you how to make
baked turkey meatballs these are like
the trifecta of perfectness they are
delicious they are fast and they're
healthy so let's get started and then
we'll be done in a flash and you'll get
to make them all right I've got a pound
of lean ground turkey here so this is
turkey breasts make sure if you want to
keep these low fat or whatever to get
turkey breasts because sometimes it'll
be like dark turkey meat and then that
often has just as much fat as beef would
so anyway whatever okay this is some
oatmeal and I'm just sort of crumbling
it up with my hands you can use bread
crumbs or matzo meal crumbs or anything
like that just something kind of dry
that's gonna like absorb the moisture
from the egg the egg moisture and some
parsley and garlic and these are like
these are pretty garlicky the turkey is
so mild that garlic really sticks sticks
out and then also because we're baking
these instead of frying them the garlic
stays a little sharper which I really
like especially with sort of Italian
food you can like use these mixed in
after their bank mixed in with some warm
tomato sauce and serve it over spaghetti
but one of my very favorite things to do
with these is while they're still warm
wrap them up in some napa cabbage leaves
or some big lettuce leaves with like
like it's a heaney sauce and some
radishes and cucumbers and stuff like
that and almost almost make like a I
don't know like a it's healthy it's a
wrap that's a wrap you know what I mean
anyway you can do lots with them and
they're even good cold the next day so
it's one of them become like one of my
go-to recipes now then I've got some
grated carrot and I graded this on a
microplane so it's like super finely
grated I've also done this recipe using
grated sweet potato I like the fine
greater just because it gives the
finished meatballs a more delicate
texture but you could probably use the
regular cheese grater probably probably
I've never tried it
salt and sometimes I'll also add a
couple tablespoons of Parmesan cheese to
the same mixture if I'm doing like a
Italian style mixer Rooney and pepper
look guys I finally got a pepper grinder
so I don't have to like grind it by hand
like the Paleolithic era or something
there she proud of me okay okay so once
this is mixed up well I've got a baking
sheet here that I've just lined with
some parchment paper and I'm gonna use
my little cookie scoop just to portion
it out you could roll it by hand but
this is way faster and like really in
the grand scheme of things who wants to
spend time making sure that their
meatballs are perfectly round
I don't you might need to like really
put them close together depending on how
big your cookie sheet is because you'll
get probably 24 meatballs out of this
mixture okay awesome that last one is a
little shrimpy but I'm just gonna put
these in the oven at 350 for about 20
minutes until they are nice and firm and
they'll be a little bit golden brown
okay so 20 minutes later it's given me
just enough time to cook some spaghetti
and heat up some just plain tomato sauce
marinara sauce so they're done they're
set so I can go ahead and plop them on
my bowl here so simple and so delicious
so if you like this recipe please check
out my healthy foods playlist up there
it's got a lot more other like high
protein low fat low carb kind of kind of
recipes and please don't forget to
subscribe because that way you'll get
notified whenever I release a new
yeah and also principle recipes are
always available at hilahcooking.com so
come over there and say hi to me over
there tio would be fine there's a winner
all right thanks for watching and I'll
see you guys later